oh um I'm here again and this time I'm
gonna make an ipod benefit video for
downloading free movies to your iPod and
I know we all like free stuff because
free stuff is just freaking awesome so
here goes here okay what you do is you
press that button to turn your ipod on
you slide it okay I can set this down to
you sit you're a pat down you go to
appstore which all of you have if you're
in any Wi-Fi connection zone you want to
go to search you want to search down
load manager light and then it's a
totally free one to zoom up it download
manager like for free you go there you
press install which I've already
installed it because I have everything
that's freaking awesome because I'm
pretty awesome then you go and find it
you go to my favorite site on it on the
internet browser you go who is that a
shiny like hot it's a shiny light you go
to delete all that go to TTYL to.net
roberts bet.com you go you go down to
streams you go down to downloads click
on movies shiny like a shiny you scroll
down and what you do is you have all
these cool new movies and junk so here
let's say I wanted to download step
brothers you have to wait 15 seconds
then watch your crappy advertisement
here six more seconds five four three
two one boom so now you go up here right
here you want to click on that and you
want to type in that cold they just want
you to type it in so Leo you got some
monkey that got lucky i'm getting to
their site so that a done you click
download file go over here remember if
you do not have an ipod or iphone if you
do not have an iphone do not click on
premium download because it takes up too
much memory and it is just for more
upgraded phone so for the rest of us
people we go to the regular download but
we do have to wait 40 seconds usually
but since i was talking during the
cranium we have to only wait 19 seconds
because like i said i'm awesome I know
11 okay eight seven six five to one
click on regular download you want to
download the link you go to your
downloads button got your files and it
downloads usually it'll take up to 10
minutes at a time for movie depending on
the length like already I have brutal
and I will be show
seems of it to be a thing but I cannot
show the whole movie because it's highly
cooperated copyrighted material and I
don't feel like getting arrested at the
moment let's go check here again it's a
8.3 the speed is really slow and it'll
probably be actually 20 minutes before i
get this downloaded but it's about what
you got to do thanks for listening